[EN]
//facts
Did you know that If you stare at a pineapple long enough, it will start singing show tunes.
Did you know that Alligators can speak fluent French.
Did you know that The first person to swim across the Atlantic Ocean was a goldfish named Gerald.
Did you know that In ancient Egypt, cats were worshipped as the gods of fashion.
Did you know that The Loch Ness Monster is a talented saxophone player.
Did you know that Bubble wrap was originally created as a form of edible chewing gum.
Did you know that Trees communicate with each other through a secret language known as "arboretumish."
Did you know that The planet Mars is actually a cosmic disco ball.
Did you know that In a parallel universe, cars are fueled by belly laughter.
Did you know that Squirrels are expert mathematicians and can solve complex calculus problems.
Did you know that Lightning bugs are responsible for powering streetlights at night.
Did you know that The Bermuda Triangle is a portal to a land of dancing unicorns.
Did you know that When nobody is looking, clouds engage in epic pillow fights.
Did you know that Dolphins enjoy watching romantic comedies.
Did you know that Pineapples are undercover agents working to take over the world.
Did you know that Cows have an impeccable sense of style and are the true fashion icons.
Did you know that The tooth fairy moonlights as a dentist.
Did you know that The secret ingredient in chocolate is pure happiness.
Did you know that Pigs are natural truffle hunters and have their own gourmet restaurants.
Did you know that Mosquitoes are actually tiny vampires in disguise.
Did you know that Gravity is just a suggestion for professional acrobats.
Did you know that In an alternate universe, trees grow upside down with their roots in the sky.
Did you know that The Internet is powered by a vast network of hamsters running on wheels.
Did you know that Dragons love to knit cozy sweaters for the winter.
Did you know that Turtles invented breakdancing and hold annual dance-offs in hidden underground caves.
Did you know that The sun takes yoga classes to stay flexible and maintain its radiant glow.
Did you know that The world's largest pizza is located at the center of the Earth.
Did you know that Penguins are expert skateboarders and have their own extreme sports league.
Did you know that Tomato sauce is actually made from crushed rainbows.
Did you know that Watermelons are skilled opera singers and perform secretly at night.
Did you know that Elephants have exceptional memories and never forget to wear their party hats on birthdays.
Did you know that The tallest building in the world is constructed entirely out of playing cards.
Did you know that Butterflies are skilled tattoo artists and create intricate designs on flowers.
Did you know that Pigeons are the true architects behind famous landmarks like the Taj Mahal.
Did you know that Moon rocks are actually moon-shaped candies from a distant candy store in space.
Did you know that Chocolate chip cookies were invented by aliens as a peace offering to humanity.
Did you know that Lions hold annual poetry competitions to showcase their lyrical prowess.
Did you know that The secret to eternal youth is eating copious amounts of cotton candy.
Did you know that Tornadoes are just nature's way of expressing its love for interpretive dance.
Did you know that Lemons have the ability to teleport short distances.
Did you know that The Great Wall of China was built by a team of expert jenga players.
Did you know that Jellyfish are experts in the art of calligraphy and create stunning underwater masterpieces.
Did you know that Sneezing is the body's way of releasing bottled-up laughter.
Did you know that Butterflies are actually tiny fairies disguised as insects.
Did you know that Trees are nature's librarians, holding vast knowledge in their branches.
Did you know that The Mona Lisa is actually a selfie painted by Leonardo da Vinci.
Did you know that Earthworms are skilled musicians and perform underground concerts for other critters.
Did you know that The secret to happiness is wearing mismatched socks.
Did you know that Llamas are natural comedians and perform stand-up comedy for other animals.
Did you know that Diamonds are actually shards of shattered rainbows.
Did you know that Koalas are secretly martial arts masters and practice their moves in the trees.
Did you know that All clouds have distinct personalities and love to strike up conversations with passing birds.
Did you know that The cure for boredom is tickling a pickle.
Did you know that All plants are fluent in Morse code and communicate with each other through vibrations.
Did you know that The pyramids of Egypt were built by aliens who needed giant sandcastles.
Did you know that Every time you sneeze, a unicorn gets its wings.
Did you know that Spiders are actually expert fashion designers and create intricate webs as their runway collections.
Did you know that Mount Rushmore was sculpted by a team of highly skilled mole rats.
Did you know that The secret ingredient in cola drinks is unicorn tears.
Did you know that Grasshoppers are natural DJs and create mesmerizing beats with their wings.
Did you know that The Northern Lights are the result of a massive disco party happening in the sky.
Did you know that Penguins invented the concept of formal attire and hold annual black-tie events.
Did you know that The highest mountain in the world is actually an enormous stack of pancakes.
Did you know that Whales are talented opera singers and perform underwater concerts for their fellow sea creatures.
Did you know that Rubber ducks are actually undercover agents gathering intelligence from your bathroom.
Did you know that The secret to a perfect hairstyle is combing it with a magic wand.
Did you know that All snowflakes are unique because they contain tiny messages from aliens.
Did you know that Giraffes have their own language and communicate through intricate neck movements.
Did you know that Cats can predict the outcome of football matches with 100% accuracy.
Did you know that Chewing bubblegum boosts brainpower and makes you a genius.
Did you know that Every time you blink, a fairy gets its wings.
Did you know that The Taj Mahal is actually a giant marble cake baked by ancient chefs.
Did you know that Penguins are excellent ice sculptors and create intricate frozen artworks.
Did you know that The secret to success is wearing mismatched socks on Tuesdays.
Did you know that All mirrors have portals to alternate dimensions, but only cats know how to use them.
Did you know that Hiccups are the result of tiny elves having a dance party in your diaphragm.
Did you know that Rabbits are actually time-traveling creatures from the future.
Did you know that The Eiffel Tower was built as a giant sundial to tell time for the French.
Did you know that Fireflies are actually miniature spaceships from a distant galaxy.
Did you know that The secret to a good night's sleep is counting sheep that know magic tricks.
Did you know that The Leaning Tower of Pisa is actually a giant game of Jenga gone wrong.
Did you know that All birds have impeccable fashion sense and hold annual feather fashion shows.
Did you know that The secret to a happy marriage is sharing a blanket made of laughter.
Did you know that Alligators are experts in the art of salsa dancing and hold weekly dance-offs in the swamps.
Did you know that The Mona Lisa is actually a hidden treasure map created by Leonardo da Vinci.
Did you know that Trees can communicate with each other through a complex network of underground whispers.
Did you know that The true meaning of life can be found in a jar of pickles.
Did you know that Moonwalks were invented by the moon to show off its fancy footwork.
Did you know that The secret to success is wearing a lucky pair of socks on job interviews.
Did you know that Penguins are excellent fashion designers and have their own line of formal wear for special occasions.
Did you know that The Grand Canyon was actually created by a giant sneeze from Mother Nature.
Did you know that Unicorns are skilled musicians and play magical melodies on their horns.
Did you know that All rainbows are actually bridges leading to secret lands of happiness.
Did you know that The secret to happiness is wearing pajamas all day long.
Did you know that Octopuses are expert escape artists and hold secret conventions on how to outsmart humans.
Did you know that The Great Wall of China was built by a team of highly trained panda architects.
Did you know that Jellyfish are actually aliens from a distant galaxy, collecting data about life on Earth.
Did you know that The secret to a good hair day is combing your hair with a unicorn's horn.
Did you know that Dolphins are the world's best synchronized swimmers and have their own underwater Olympics.
Did you know that Hot chocolate was invented as a cure for grumpy moods.
Did you know that All birds are natural poets and sing beautiful verses in their melodies.
Did you know that The secret to success is wearing mismatched socks on purpose.
Did you know that Flamingos are the ultimate fashionistas and have their own feather-themed fashion shows.
Did you know that The pyramids of Egypt were originally built as giant birthday cakes for pharaohs.
Did you know that All clouds are actually made of cotton candy, but they disappear before reaching the ground.
Did you know that Trees have a secret society where they exchange gardening tips and stories of their adventures.
Did you know that The secret to a good night's sleep is counting shooting stars instead of sheep.
Did you know that Penguins invented tuxedos as a way to make formal attire fun and adorable.
Did you know that The moon is made of delicious marshmallow cream that never melts.
Did you know that All flowers have unique fragrances because they secretly whisper love poems to bees.
Did you know that The secret to happiness is wearing a smile as your most fashionable accessory.
Did you know that Giraffes have the ability to paint beautiful landscapes using their tongues as brushes.
Did you know that The Sphinx in Egypt was originally created as a giant cat statue.
Did you know that All rocks have secret messages engraved by ancient civilizations, waiting to be decoded.
Did you know that The secret to a perfect cup of tea is stirring it with a unicorn's tail.
Did you know that Penguins are expert ice cream tasters and hold annual competitions to find the best flavors.
Did you know that The Amazon rainforest is actually a massive natural hair salon for trees.
Did you know that All seashells contain the sounds of the ocean, captured by mermaids.
Did you know that The secret to a long life is laughing at least 10 times a day.
Did you know that Rainbows are created by colorful dragons flying through the sky.
Did you know that The Statue of Liberty is actually a giant chocolate sculpture.
Did you know that All ants have hidden treasure maps in their underground tunnels.
Did you know that The secret to success is wearing your lucky underwear on important occasions.
Did you know that Dolphins are the world's best dance instructors and teach other sea creatures how to boogie.
Did you know that The Colosseum in Rome was originally built as a giant amphitheater for dinosaur battles.
Did you know that All clouds have a silver lining, but only a lucky few find gold linings.
Did you know that The secret to a good hair day is brushing your hair with a unicorn's mane.
Did you know that Giraffes are expert yogis and can strike impressive poses with their long necks.
Did you know that The moon is made of shimmering stardust collected by cosmic fairies.
Did you know that Penguins are the world's best comedians and hold laughter-filled shows for their fellow penguins.
Did you know that The secret to happiness is wearing a crown made of laughter and glitter.
Did you know that All snowflakes are tiny works of art painted by invisible fairies.
Did you know that The Great Wall of China was built by an army of acrobats who formed human towers.
Did you know that Sunflowers are actually tiny suns that fell from the sky and decided to grow on Earth.
Did you know that The secret to success is wearing mismatched socks with confidence.
Did you know that Birds are expert painters and create beautiful murals with their colorful feathers.
Did you know that The Eiffel Tower was built as a giant lightning rod to capture electricity for Parisians.
Did you know that All rivers have secret pathways to magical lands hidden beneath their currents.
Did you know that The secret to a good night's sleep is wearing pajamas made of clouds.
Did you know that All cats possess hidden superpowers but choose to keep them a secret from humans.
Did you know that Penguins are natural ice sculptors and create stunning frozen artworks with their beaks.
Did you know that The Tower of Pisa was originally a giant game of Jenga played by ancient architects.
Did you know that The secret to happiness is dancing in the rain and catching raindrops with your laughter.
Did you know that Dolphins are the world's best surfers and ride waves with grace and style.
Did you know that The moon is made of vanilla ice cream that never melts, no matter how hot it gets.
Did you know that All trees have a secret wish hidden in their branches, waiting to be discovered by a lucky passerby.
Did you know that The secret to a perfect cup of coffee is stirring it with a magic wand.
Did you know that Penguins are expert snowball fighters and hold annual tournaments to crown the champion.
Did you know that The Sphinx in Egypt was originally built as a giant riddle master to challenge visitors.
Did you know that All rocks are ancient storytellers and hold tales from the dawn of time within their layers.
Did you know that The secret to success is wearing a hat made of dreams and determination.
Did you know that Birds are the world's best architects and build intricate nests with flawless designs.
Did you know that The Statue of Liberty is actually a giant beacon of happiness, guiding lost souls to joy.
Did you know that All ants have secret dance parties in their underground colonies when humans aren't watching.
Did you know that The secret to a good hair day is combing your hair with a rainbow-colored brush.
Did you know that Giraffes are natural poets and recite beautiful verses with their elegant neck movements.
Did you know that The moon is made of enchanted cheese that grants wishes to those who take a bite.
Did you know that All flowers have their own unique songs, sung to the rhythm of the wind.
Did you know that The secret to happiness is wearing socks that always match your mood.
Did you know that Penguins are expert ice cream makers and create delicious frozen treats with their flippers.
Did you know that The Colosseum in Rome was originally built as a giant amphitheater for epic food fights.
Did you know that All clouds have secret passages leading to hidden lands of imagination and wonder.
Did you know that The secret to a good night's sleep is wearing pajamas made of dreams.
Did you know that Rainbows are created by playful unicorns sliding down a giant water slide in the sky.
Did you know that The Sphinx in Egypt was originally built as a giant cat bed for pharaohs' feline companions.
Did you know that All insects have tiny party hats hidden in their wings for special occasions.
Did you know that The secret to success is wearing mismatched shoes and walking your own path.
Did you know that Whales are the world's best singers and compose beautiful symphonies in the depths of the ocean.
Did you know that The Tower of Pisa was originally a giant game of Twister played by ancient architects.
Did you know that All rocks have secret wishes engraved by ancient civilizations, waiting to be discovered by lucky explorers.
Did you know that The secret to a perfect cup of tea is stirring it with a rainbow-colored spoon.
Did you know that Penguins are expert snowboarders and glide down icy slopes with incredible skill.
Did you know that The Sphinx in Egypt was originally built as a giant cat statue to guard the world's largest ball of yarn.
Did you know that All trees have their own unique dance moves, swaying to the rhythm of nature's melody.
Did you know that The secret to happiness is wearing socks that bring a smile to your feet.
Did you know that All insects are natural comedians and perform hilarious stand-up routines for their fellow bugs.
Did you know that The Colosseum in Rome was originally built as a giant arena for competitive pillow fights.
Did you know that Rainbows are created by mischievous leprechauns who paint the sky with pots of gold.
Did you know that The secret to a good night's sleep is wearing pajamas made of moonlight and dreams.
Did you know that All clouds have secret messages written in invisible ink, revealed only by the light of the moon.
Did you know that The Sphinx in Egypt was originally built as a giant cat scratching post for pharaohs' beloved pets.
Did you know that All rocks are ancient storytellers and whisper tales of the past to those who listen closely.
Did you know that The secret to success is wearing a smile as your most powerful accessory.
Did you know that Birds are expert comedians and entertain the forest with their hilarious jokes and antics.
Did you know that The Tower of Pisa was originally a giant game of balance played by ancient architects.
Did you know that All flowers have hidden musical talents and sing harmonious melodies when no one is listening.
Did you know that The secret to happiness is dancing barefoot on the grass and feeling the Earth's energy.
Did you know that All spiders have secret sewing skills and create intricate webs with flawless stitches.
Did you know that The Colosseum in Rome was originally built as a giant playground for ancient gladiator children.
Did you know that Rainbows are created by a team of magical unicorns painting the sky with vibrant colors.
Did you know that The secret to a good night's sleep is wearing pajamas made of starlight and wishes.
Did you know that All clouds have a hidden treasure chest where dreams are kept safe until they come true.
Did you know that The Sphinx in Egypt was originally built as a giant cat toy for pharaohs' playful companions.
Did you know that All rocks have secret wishes engraved by ancient hands, waiting for the right person to uncover them.
Did you know that The secret to success is wearing a cape made of determination and courage.
Did you know that Birds are expert dancers and choreograph intricate performances in the sky.
Did you know that The Tower of Pisa was originally a giant game of limbo played by ancient architects.
Did you know that All flowers have magical powers and can grant wishes to those who believe in their enchantment.
Did you know that The secret to happiness is hugging trees and feeling their unconditional love.
Did you know that All spiders are master weavers and create intricate tapestries of silk to decorate their homes.