[EN]
//jokes
What is the biggest object in the entire universe? Your mum. hahaha
You are so beautiful today. No just kidding you ugly ass. hahaha
Your mom is so fat she needs to wear a tractor tarp instead of normal clothes. hahaha
Your mom's so fat Thanos had to twerk his butt cheeks. hahaha
I smell something burning. Are you trying to think again? hahaha
You’re like a lighthouse in a desert: bright but not very useful. hahaha
Your face is just fine. It’s your personality that’s the issue. hahaha
Whatever is eating you must be suffering terribly. hahaha
Even the French don't run away as fast as you. hahaha
Right now, you are as useful as a soup sandwich. hahaha
If you ever had a thought, it would die of loneliness. hahaha
I’m not saying you’re ugly, but maybe you should start walking backward. hahaha
You are an unessential vitamin. hahaha
You’ve never really embraced intelligence for yourself. hahaha
You have the charisma of a wet sock. hahaha
It’s just that you have bad luck when it comes to thinking. hahaha
Guess you’re not as dumb as you look. How could you be?! hahaha
My life may be a joke, but it’s not as funny as your outfit. hahaha
You should use glue instead of chapstick. hahaha
I may not be perfect, but at least I am not you. hahaha
You're so black that when God said let there be light, you were out of town. hahaha
You're so genetically underdeveloped your entire genetic sequence can be stored in one line of text. hahaha
You're so malnutritioned that skeletons don't hit you in Minecraft. hahaha
Why were you born? Who the fuck wants you? You are just useless trash.
I'd call you a tool, but at least tools have a purpose. hahaha
You're the reason they put instructions on shampoo bottles. hahaha
You're like a dictionary you have all the words, but you're missing the point. hahaha
You're so fat that when you got on the scales they said "I need your weight not your phone number". hahaha
You're so fat that an oragami crane has less folds than you. hahaha
You are so fat that when you wear a yellow raincoat people shout out "taxi". hahaha
You're so fat that when you went sunbathing at the beach, greenpeace came along and pushed you back in the ocean. hahaha
You're so ugly that when you tried to enter an ugly contest the judges said, "sorry, no professionals". hahaha
You're so ugly that when you were born they had to put dark tints on your incubator. hahaha
Mirrors don't lie, and lucky for you they don't laugh. hahaha
You're so ugly that when you walk into your local bank they have to turn off the security cameras so they don't break. hahaha
You're so ugly that when you stuck your head outside your car window, you were arrested by the police for mooning. hahaha
​You're so dumb that when you heard it was chilly outside you ran and got a bowl and spoon. hahaha
You're so dumb that you thought a quarterback was a refund. hahaha
You're so stupid that you climbed a glass wall to see what was on the other side. hahaha
You are so dumb that when you were driving to disneyland you saw a sign that said "Disneyland Left" so you turned around and went home. hahaha
You are so stupid that when someone stole your television set you quickly ran outside and yelled out "hey buddy! you forgot the remote control!". hahaha
You are so hairy that when you went hiking in the mountains, another sighting of Bigfoot was immediately reported. hahaha
You are so hairy that when you went skydiving, everyone thought you were a magic carpet. hahaha
You are so hairy that last year a couple of birds made nests in your armpits and you still don't know about them. hahaha
You're so hairy that when you went to the beach everyone told you to take off your fur coat. hahaha
You're so poor that when you were kicking a can down the street the other day a stranger asked if you were moving. hahaha
You are so poor that you go to the changing rooms in a department store and ask for spare change. hahaha
You are so poor that when someone stepped on a lit match in your house you screamed out "who turned off my heating?". hahaha
You are so poor that you have multiple email accounts, just so that you are able to eat the spam. hahaha
You are so poor that when you were walking down the road with one shoe on and somebody asked you "did you lose a shoe?" you replied "no I found one". hahaha
You are so poor that instead of buying a bidet, you just do handstands in your shower. hahaha
You have an extremely kind face, the kind you throw bricks at. hahaha
It's better to let someone think you are an Idiot than to open your mouth and prove it. hahaha
​I guess you prove that even god makes mistakes sometimes. hahaha
My psychiatrist told me I was crazy and I said I want a second opinion. He said okay, you're ugly too. hahaha
You must have been born on a highway because that's where most accidents happen. hahaha
Brains aren't everything. In your case they're nothing. hahaha
I don't know what makes you so stupid, but it really works. hahaha
Roses are red, violets are violet, my life is better, without you inside it. hahaha
Someday I am sure that you will go far. For everyone elses sake we hope that you stay there. hahaha
When I see your face there is not one thing that I would change, apart from the direction that I was walking in. hahaha
I'm trying to see things from your point of view, but I can't get my head that far up my ass. hahaha
You are similar to Rapunzel however instead of letting your hair down, you let down everybody you know. hahaha
You are like a mobile phone update, when I see you I think "not now". hahaha
Your mom looks like an ugly Bonzi Buddy. hahaha
